[nixos, nix] init with the current releases (#810)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/nixos.md

---
title: NixOS
layout: post
category: os
iconSlug: nixos
permalink: /nixos
alternate_urls:
  - /nixoslinux

>   - /nix

Reviewer: Maybe we should keep this one free for Nix itself?

Author: Yeah good point

    eol: 2019-04-01
  - releaseCycle: "18.03 'Impala'"
    latest: "18.03"
    release: 2018-04-04
    eol: 2018-10-01
  - releaseCycle: "17.09 'Hummingbird'"
    latest: "17.09"
    release: 2017-09-29
    eol: 2018-04-01
  - releaseCycle: "17.03 'Gorilla'"
    latest: "17.03"
    release: 2017-03-31
    eol: 2017-10-01
  - releaseCycle: "16.09 'Flounder'"
    latest: "16.09"
    release: 2016-09-30
    eol: 2017-04-01
  - releaseCycle: "16.03 'Emu'"
    latest: "16.03"
    release: 2016-03-31
    eol: 2016-10-01
  - releaseCycle: "15.09 'Dingo'"
    latest: "15.09"
    release: 2015-09-30
    eol: 2016-04-01
  - releaseCycle: "14.12 'Caterpillar'"
    latest: "14.12"
    release: 2014-12-30
    eol: 2015-09-01
  - releaseCycle: "14.04 'Baboon'"
    latest: "14.04"
    release: 2014-04-30
    eol: 2015-01-01
  - releaseCycle: "13.10 'Aardvark'"
    latest: "13.10"
    release: 2013-10-31
    eol: 2014-05-01
---

> [NixOS](https://nixos.org/) is a Linux distribution built on top of the Nix package manager. It uses declarative configuration and allows reliable system upgrades.

Two main branches are offered: current Stable release and Unstable following latest development.

> **If you're looking for nix, the language and tool NixOS is based on click [here](./nix)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**If you're looking for nix, the package manager NixOS is based on click [here](./nix)**
```
